[Docs] Translate the migration/hook.md to English (#1054)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/migration/hook.md

# Migrate Hook from MMCV to MMEngine

## Introduction

> Due to the development of our architecture design and increasing user demands, existing hook mount points in MMCV are insufficient for the needs. Hence, we redesigned the mount points in MMEngine, and the functions of hooks are adjusted accordingly. Before your migration, it will help a lot to read the tutorial [Hook Design](../design/hook.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the upgrade of our architecture design and increasing user demands, existing hook mount points in MMCV can no logger meet the requirements. Hence, we redesigned the mount points in MMEngine, and the functions of hooks are adjusted accordingly. It will help a lot to read the tutorial [Hook Design](../design/hook.md) before your migration.
```

> This tutorial compares the difference in function, mount point, usage and implementation between the hooks from [MMCV v1.6.0](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/tree/v1.6.0) and [MMEngine v0.5.0](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/tree/v0.5.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial compares the difference in function, mount point, usage and implementation between [MMCV v1.6.0](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/tree/v1.6.0) and [MMEngine v0.5.0](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/tree/v0.5.0).
```

## Function Comparison

<table class="docutils">
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th></th>
    <th>MMCV</th>
    <th>MMEngine</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="2">Backpropagation and gradient update</td>
    <td>OptimizerHook</td>
    <td rowspan="2">Unify the backpropagation and gradient update operations into <a href="../tutorials/optim_wrapper.html">OptimWrapper</a> rather than hooks</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>GradientCumulativeOptimizerHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Learning rate adjustment</td>
    <td>LrUpdaterHook</td>
    <td rowspan="2">Use ParamSchdulerHook and subclasses of <a href="../tutorials/param_scheduler.html">_ParamScheduler</a> to complete the adjustment of optimizer hyperparameters</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Momentum adjustment</td>
    <td>MomentumUpdaterHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Saving model weights at specified interval</td>
    <td>CheckpointHook</td>

>     <td rowspan="2">New CheckpointHook can save model weights and optimal weights as well. While the model evaluation function of EvalHook can be achieved by ValLoop or TestLoop</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td rowspan="2">The CheckpointHook is responsible for not only saving weights but also saving the optimal weights. Meanwhile, the model evaluation function of EvalHook is delegated to ValLoop or TestLoop.</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Model evaluation and optimal weights saving</td>
    <td>EvalHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Log printing</td>

>     <td rowspan="3">LoggerHook and its subclasses can print logs, save logs and visualize functions</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td rowspan="3">LoggerHook and its subclasses can print logs, save logs and visualize data</td>
```

    <td>LoggerHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Visualization</td>
    <td>NaiveVisualizationHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Adding runtime information</td>
    <td>RuntimeInfoHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Model weights exponential moving average (EMA)</td>
    <td>EMAHook</td>
    <td>EMAHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <td>Ensuring the shuffle function of distributed Sampler</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>Ensuring the shuffle functionality of the distributed Sampler takes effect</td>
```

    <td>DistSamplerSeedHook</td>
    <td>DistSamplerSeedHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Synchronizing model buffer</td>
    <td>SyncBufferHook</td>
    <td>SyncBufferHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Empty PyTorch CUDA cache</td>
    <td>EmptyCacheHook</td>
    <td>EmptyCacheHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Calculating iteration time-consuming</td>
    <td>IterTimerHook</td>
    <td>IterTimerHook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Analyzing bottlenecks of training time</td>
    <td>ProfilerHook</td>
    <td>Not yet available</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <td>Provide registration method to the function of hooks</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>Provide the most concise function registration</td>
```

## Mount Point Comparison

<table class="docutils">
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th colspan="2"></th>
    <th class="tg-uzvj">MMCV</th>
    <th class="tg-uzvj">MMEngine</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="2">Global mount points</td>
    <td>before run</td>
    <td>before_run</td>
    <td>before_run</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after run</td>
    <td>after_run</td>
    <td>after_run</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="2">Checkpoint related</td>
    <td>after loading checkpoints</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>after_load_checkpoint</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>before saving checkpoints</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>before_save_checkpoint</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="6">Training related</td>
    <td>triggered before training</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>before_train</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>triggered after training</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>after_train</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>before each epoch</td>
    <td>before_train_epoch</td>
    <td>before_train_epoch</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after each epoch</td>
    <td>after_train_epoch</td>
    <td>after_train_epoch</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>before each iteration</td>
    <td>before_train_iter</td>

>     <td>before_train_iter，with additional args: batch_idx and data_batch</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>before_train_iter, with additional args: batch_idx and data_batch</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after each iteration</td>
    <td>after_train_iter</td>

>     <td>after_train_iter，with additional args: batch_idx、data_batch, and outputs</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>after_train_iter, with additional args: batch_idx、data_batch, and outputs</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="6">Validation related</td>
    <td>before validation</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>before_val</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after validation</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>after_val</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>before each epoch</td>
    <td>before_val_epoch</td>
    <td>before_val_epoch</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after each epoch</td>
    <td>after_val_epoch</td>
    <td>after_val_epoch</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>before each iteration</td>
    <td>before_val_iter</td>

>     <td>before_val_iter，with additional args: batch_idx and data_batch</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>before_val_iter, with additional args: batch_idx and data_batch</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after each iteration</td>
    <td>after_val_iter</td>

>     <td>after_val_iter，with additional args: batch_idx、data_batch and outputs</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>after_val_iter, with additional args: batch_idx、data_batch and outputs</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="6">Test related</td>
    <td>before test</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>before_test</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after test</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>after_test</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>before each epoch</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>before_test_epoch</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after each epoch</td>
    <td>None</td>
    <td>after_test_epoch</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>before each iteration</td>
    <td>None</td>

>     <td>before_test_iter，with additional args: batch_idx and data_batch</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>before_test_iter, with additional args: batch_idx and data_batch</td>
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>after each iteration</td>
    <td>None</td>

>     <td>after_test_iter，with additional args: batch_idx、data_batch and outputs</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <td>after_test_iter, with additional args: batch_idx、data_batch and outputs</td>
```

  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## Usage Comparison

> In MMCV, to register hooks to the Runner, you need to call the `register_training_hooks` method of the Runner to register hooks on the Runner, while in MMEngine, you can pass parameters to the Runner's initialization method for registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MMCV, you need to call the `Runner.register_training_hooks` to register the hooks, while in MMEngine, you can initialize the hooks by simply passing the parameters of hooks during building the runner.
```

runner = EpochBasedRunner(
    model=model,
    optimizer=optimizer,
    work_dir='./work_dir',
    max_epochs=3,
    xxx,
)
runner.register_training_hooks(
    lr_config=lr_config,
    optimizer_config=optimizer_config,
    checkpoint_config=checkpoint_config,
    log_config=log_config,
    custom_hooks_config=custom_hooks,
)
runner.run([trainloader], [('train', 1)])
```

- MMEngine

```python
model=ResNet18()
optim_wrapper=dict(
    type='OptimizerWrapper',
    optimizer=dict(type='SGD', lr=0.001, momentum=0.9))
param_scheduler = dict(type='MultiStepLR', milestones=[2, 3]),
default_hooks = dict(
    logger=dict(type='LoggerHook'),
    param_scheduler=dict(type='ParamSchedulerHook'),
    checkpoint=dict(type='CheckpointHook', interval=5),
)
custom_hooks = [dict(type='NumClassCheckHook')]
runner = Runner(
    model=model,
    work_dir='./work_dir',
    optim_wrapper=optim_wrapper,
    param_scheduler=param_scheduler,
    train_cfg=dict(by_epoch=True, max_epochs=3),
    default_hooks=default_hooks,
    custom_hooks=custom_hooks,
    xxx,
)
runner.train()
```

For more details of MMEngine hooks, please refer to [Usage of Hooks](../tutorials/hook.md).

## Implementation Comparison

> Taking `CheckpointHook` as an example, compared with [CheckpointHook](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/blob/v1.6.0/mmcv/runner/hooks/checkpoint.py) in MMCV, [CheckpointHook](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/mmengine/hooks/checkpoint_hook.py) of MMEngine needs to implement the `after_val_epoch` method, since new CheckpointHook supports saving the optimal weights, while in MMCV, the function is achieved by EvalHook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking `CheckpointHook` as an example, compared with [CheckpointHook](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/blob/v1.6.0/mmcv/runner/hooks/checkpoint.py) in MMCV, [CheckpointHook](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/mmengine/hooks/checkpoint_hook.py) of MMEngine needs to implement the `after_val_epoch` method, since new `CheckpointHook` supports saving the optimal weights, while in MMCV, the function is achieved by EvalHook.
```
